Mark broadcast notifications in the list (#26006)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/healthy-islands-smash.md

> ---
> '@backstage/plugin-notifications': minor
> ---
> 
> Broadcast notifications are newly decorated with an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-notifications': patch
---

Broadcast notifications are now decorated with an icon.
```

Author: done
